In this lab, we will review the current pipeline as it stands with your latest changes.

Looking at the whole SDLC from an update request for a new feature, the release, package creation, deployment, and management of the application,
calculate the amount of toil for each stage in the process. The full SDLC is the application working in production.

The Task
Create a report or diagram that shows the current level of toil in your SDLC cycle. Tell us what the stages are and what the toil is at each stage.

Whilst generating this report, consider:

Any manual checks you need to do to ensure that the application is working.
This may include start and end of day.
This may include any testing after a deployment.
Any reporting that might be needed, e.g.,
How many users have used the system today?
How much traffic have we had and how many requests failed?
The client would like a report of the number of users of the system every month and what their net worth is as a marketing campaign is due soon.
Identify any tasks that should remain manual and give your reasons why.
Are there any tasks on your current backlog that would help reduce toil?
You should provide evidence of why through calculations.
Is there a need for any new tech or software that would help in the processes that would reduce toil?



Planning/development - 96 hours
toil-manually writing script

conducted in time-boxed “sprints,” (Agile) or may proceed as a single block of effort (Waterfall.)
Regardless of methodology, the aim is for development teams to produce working software as quickly as possible.



Deployment (of code)- 24 hours + 27 hours
toil-manually updating code

Application Release Automation (ARA) tools are used in medium and large-size enterprises to automate the deployment of applications to Production environments. 
ARA systems are usually integrated with Continuous Integration tools.



Management/monitoring system - 48 hours
toil-People to constantly check for errors and initiate solutions

Bugs and defects discovered in Production must be reported and responded to, which often feeds work back into the process.
